Name 

Abdullah Khan

Discord ID  

4BDuLLaH#1278

Age 

16

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

around 4 in this server and 4 hours in other but I hav more than 210+ hours of roleplay experience in a another platform called Roblox

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

I belong to a very wealthy family which lives in a famous town of North Yankton. I gradated for the university of North Yankton and I always wanted to come a engineer , so I flew from North Yankton to Los Santos because in Los Santos there are much more better education facilities over here than in North Yankton. My eldest cousin and my uncle also convinced me to go to Los Sandos and do my masters. But when I came to Los Santos it is completely opposite of what I herd for my cousins and Uncle. The city is in major lockdown due to this golbal pandemic but people are roaming on the streets of Los Santos as if there is no such thing as Covid. I go a pretty good apartment which is near the main highway for a reasonable amount of price. Meanwhile I am in Los Santos I started to apply in multiple universities and institution and never got response for them which made me very disappointed and sad. eventually after spending almost 2 months applying and waiting for the response I decided to look for a job so that I can support my parents and small siblings back at home. I applied for all types of jobs from a street sweeper to as a dealership employee. I also didn't get any multiple companies and the only one company which reached out to me was the Local Garbage company of Los Santos. It took me 3 days to think whether I should take the opportunity and work my way up and finally I got a occupation as a garbage man after 3 months of wasting my time in city Los Santos.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have been and still an officer in a another role play platform. I am current officer in multiply servers of Roblox, which is a awesome platform to role play and gives a great and fun role play experience, games like Pembroke pines, South west Florida and Greenville I have experience and skills in pursuits, traffic stops, House breaching (raids) and a little bit of shooting which I am currently working on . I know all the basic 10 codes and SOPs of police. I have than 500+ mints of Patrolling time which proves me to be as an active officer.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Law enforcement is facing a rapid changing on every front with challenges which require stricter trainings. The pace of change is increasing with matter of seconds. Multiple incidents go from local and reach the nation in seconds which needs to be taken in control. New forms of crime, technologies, and tense relationships with the communities are shifting the very nature of police work. Police officers are increasingly being asked to do tasks which are beyond the core law enforcement, such as dealing with the mentally ill or being the front line in combating overdose deaths. To meet these new challenges law enforcement should consider not only new tools but also new policing strategies. New tools need to be able to pair with the empathy of human judgment with the data-processing ability of machines with ability to work there best in times of need. New policing strategies need to go beyond enforcement engagement to do both. ultimately, these can be significant changes for the Los Santos police department. The outcome will be successful in meeting the challenges of the future unrests on adapting the culture of police department.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

People are bot just looking at how fast we can get the work done, people are looking at how good and organized the work looks to them. Moving right along to closing this out, I can say all I am here for is to make something better and really not to play it over. I am not here for people to like me, I am here for people to really understand how much I care about something, not saying that I want people to dislike me, but I really just want to people to like me standing out in front of everybody and making a simple chat in some's life and not replaying it over to re o something because I know everyone wants to look good and everything like that but again its not always about that, it is about the hard work that you put out there and it is about the time and effort that you put out there to a group or person that you really care for and a group leadership members that you can work with and this is why I would like to become a LSPD officer. Lastly I am more than to serve the city of Los Santos. I have been and still an officer in a another role play platform. I am current officer in multiply servers of Roblox games like Pembroke pines, South west Florida and Greenville
