Name 

ALI MURTAZA

Discord ID  

ϟSam-1-Tap#9572

Age 

18

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

700+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

my name is sam-1-tap i am from pakistan i came to los santos when i was 16 years old for study. my father was a farmer. i belong to a middle class family one day when i went to my collage i was studying in my class suddenly some theifs come to our collage and started doing firing and killed around 30+ people whole collage was very scared and everyone was running to save there live. luckily i saved myself by climbing the wall of the collage and then i went to my home . then in news i saw that after around 2 hrs of intense firing they stopped and ranaway . my whole collage was closed for almost a whole year then i went back to my collage i completed it and i decided that now i will go into the police and i will keep our city save from robbers and theive.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

i have many experiences. i have been a n ex-police officer . i know how to perform the duty of the police officer. i was also in the gang and i know how robberys are done and how they are executed i also know some warehouses where there are a lot of supply of drugs and illegal guns. i am also an great driver so it will not be a hard thing for me to catch a theif in the situation. my aim is also good ii regularly practice my aim. i am also a good Negotiator . i also have good communication skills i will give my best in the police department. i will also quickly responds to the robbery

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

as i know the police department it is in perfect condition but there are some changes i would like to see:
1, there should be atleast a good gun for the cadet
2, the officers should always be ready for an emergency call i sometimes saw thet when there was an emergency no police officers were avalaible
3. there should be more recruitment in the police depatment.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

i am a decent police officer i have an experience of more than 1year in police department . i can also judge the strategy of the robber what he is thinking and what he will do next . i am also a very humble person i dont get panic in any situation. i also know how to deal with the robbers and theif, i will also give my best in the police department i will always be avalaible . i also know police codes and how the police department works
