Name 

Ammar Hassan

Discord ID  

FOX Playz#8245

Age 

15

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1300+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My name in is Ammar and I'm 24 years old . I was born in California in 1995.My father was an senior police officer . He was a great police officer. One day when he responded to a bank situation , where he found no hostage but four robbers were there . While my father was there for negotiation they bluffed and shot him down . That was the worst day of my life because my mother died earlier in a car accident and my father died in bank robbery . I lost my parents but my father wanted was that one day their son will be a police officer . Unfortunately I had no money but I completed my education from the government school. Because of some personal issues I shifted to Los Santos and found some place to live . I had a great knowledge about LSPD as my father told me many thing. I want to bring peace and 0 crime rate in the city.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

When I came to Los Santos,.I've done a number of things to get up on my foot I've worked as a garbage, a trucker , a fisher. I've sold Woods and I've worked as a taxi driver as well, just to earn some money. Doing these jobs, I have faced Many Problems. I've been looted by robbers numerous times. When things got really hard for me, I gathered some fellows and founded a rebel gang known as Yakuza. We worked for peace. I am telling you this because doing these jobs, I have networked a lot. I've met people of almost every status, caste, and culture in the city. This experience has helped me to understanding of how everything is in this city. I understand everyone's point of view. Moreover, I know each and every part of the city, all the illegal activites, hideouts, etc. This intel and experience would be a very valuable asset to the Police Department.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

My told me never be a corrupt officer so I will dismiss all the corrupt police officers from the LSPD .The main change that I want to see in department that one of my friend give me information that their is a officers that are involve with pandey, rebels, I want them to be arrested and want to give them punishment on corruption because citizens trust on PD that they are safe under the protection of PD officers and those corrupt PD officers break their trust as well as Police Department.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I think a child of a police officer have more knowledge of department than anyone else if his father told him about many things about the department. As I was a kid of a police officer. I know how to deal with criminals so it will help me and the department. As I'm a responsible person I will spread positivity in the department
