Name 

Ateeb Khan

Discord ID  

.༺Ateeb༻#4922

Age 

17

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1600+hours

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My name is ateeb. I was born in 1969 In a small village Los Santos. I always wanted to be a police officer. To met my family expenses I did garbage job for 6 years. One day, I met my old friend and told him what's happening with my life, He advised me to join his gang, His gang name was Khaddim, I never wanted to do illegal stuff but because of money I joined Khaddim, I was hired as a driver, My driving was very improved. I did many robberies, Humane's, Main banks. One day I was caught in a Jewelry robbery and I was Jailed for 4years. After my jail, I decided to leave all these bad things. I applied for a personal security company and I did that job for 8 years. I learned many things from these that can be useful in my Police career. I join PD of paradise city but their PD was corrupt, I resigned from there and now I am applying for PD of project x city.And want to Try my luck on the department. I am graduated as an Officer at Al khair university of Los and toss.I got many invetations by companies like.Los and toss garbage collection,
In my past i am also a good tailor.i work very hard to fullfill my need
I done many jobs at a time like shrimps and crabs, Tailor,and others.I also take part in all co callicular activites..I have a experience as an senior ranked Ems.Now i want to fullfill my dream and want to become an officer so i decided to give an application to los and toos police department.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I am doing RP for more than 1 year. I have experience of PD rp in others servers like Gamer's roleplay, Paradise roleplay and Asia X roleplay. I also have EMS experience. I have the trait of handling and negotiating situations with fair RP without breaking any rules. My aim is good, I have done many humane robberies in Khaddim, My driving is also good. I am aware of all the techniques of rebels. So these are all my experiences which I think will be helpful to the department.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I've noticed some officers that are very bad drivers, If I will be selected in the department, I will train them. One more thing that I will try to change, officer should do more roleplay , and not just random codereds and power roleplay. The rest of the things in PD are fine Police officers are performing well nothing needs to be changed.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Because my driving is very good, Which can be very helpful to the department, And my aim is also good. I think I can join RTD with this quality. And the biggest thing is I am playing from march 2020 and I've never break any rule, no one has ever reported me
