Name 

Avemble

Discord ID  

Avemble乛ᴴ ⁴ ᴸ#7725

Age 

14

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1300 +

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

Avemble was born in 2006 in the beautiful city of Los Santos. Where his father was in police stopping gang from doing drugs. He had a sister whose name was Sakina. They lived in a mansion, avemble was a spoiled kid from his childhood. He used to play video games all day and didn't study at all his grade were dropping so one day his parents decided he should join a cadet college so he doesn't play games and focus on study, this decision made the life of avemble. He lived in the cadet college for 5 years, During this time his sister went to study in oxford university, She was the more liked one in the family, Avemble hated her. When he came back to his house he saw his father was doing drugs then his mother explained that he got fired from lspd and he was so angry that he started doing drugs himself, but avemble didn't like how his father was behaving because avemble also cared about his parent's but, he never showed the love, so he decided he should leave games and start training for lspd so he could make his father's dream come true. He went to a military academy and trained for 1 whole year. When he came back from the training site. He got prayers from his mother and went to apply, Now he is just waiting for the results of his test.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have good skills in communication, I can handle a situation such as bank robberies, house robberies, jewel robberies. I can also handle an heated ongoing situations and don't ask or start a stupid conversation. I am a kbm player which makes me good at combat skills, I also play a lot of car games which makes me a great driver as well.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

At the moment i would prefer that there shoudn't be any changes in the department but i do think that the ranking system should be touched and there should be no ranks , and there should only be Management and members as if there are ranks fights are provoked as some members don't like to get orders from a senior ( not management ) as i see some seniors are younger then juniors which hurts the ego of junior members as they think its a bad thing for them to take orders from a younger senior , besides i have experienced this happen in my last post in LSPD and had multiple complains about this matter and would love it to solve now .

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

As being an ex-cop I believe i mainly know all the beginners stuff right now , I know that there were changes made to the server and I do need to learn them and there is where the CTTD comes and trains me for becoming a perfect cop for the department . Honestly I'm not interested in telling about all the stuff that everybody tells that they are good in this and they are good in that but i will tell you about communication as i think its the compulsory thing that needs to be used in the department , Mainly i think the codes are to be used in the Department as it is a formal language of LSPD .
