Name 

Ayesha Rajput

Discord ID  

Ayesha Rajput#5870

Age 

24

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

286

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

Ayesha was born in Faisalabad. Ayesha's father is a Textile Trader. Ayesha is a Fashion Designer by profession. She is graduated from National Textile University. Ayesha is now living in the project x city. She came in project x city in 2017. When she came in the city, she had no job and no money. she was totally alone in the city. First, she went to a Rehman Pan Wala Shop and she worked as a cashier in the Rehman Pan Wala Shop. She earned few money from her cashier job and then she visited senpai car dealer. He met with a car dealer whose name was Mr. Khan. She bought a BMX cycle from senpai car dealer. Then Ayesha bought some un stich clothes from clothing shop and she started designing the clothes and started to sell them. She earned a lot from it. Now She had enough money so she can buy a car for her. But at that time, she decided to buy a bike. She again visited senpai car dealer and this time she met with Mr. Merchant. Mr. Merchant is a very nice guy and a good car dealer, but he was also a gangster and he was also the owner of the gang whose name was Khaddim. Merchant and Ayesha became friends and one day Merchant offered Ayesha to join Khaddim. Ayesha accepted his offer, and she joined the gang Khaddim. Ayesha's first crime was a bank robbery with Khaddim gang then later she met with Xoxo. Xoxo is a very kindhearted person. Xoxo and Ayesha became very good friends. Ayesha gave Xoxo a nick Raja Rajput and Xoxo gave Ayesha a nick Munni Rajput. They both started robbing different people mostly who were doing jobs like trucking, mining etc. She earned a lot money with Xoxo. Ayesha thought to join PD to help Khaddim more in illegal activities. She passed the test and joined the PD and here she met with officer centurion. Ayesha became a loyal police officer, and she forgot all her Khaddim friends. She jailed many Khaddim members and killed some Khaddim members during robbery scenes. After few months in PD, Centurion got retired from PD. Those were the days when a gangster was very popular in the city whose name was Mr. Jay. Mr. Jay was in love with Ayesha. Jay was curious that Ayesha has feelings for him or not. Actually, Ayesha thought for Jay was that ''Jay is a nice person but he is a Tharki, who don't know how to impress a girl and she wants jay to be a nice person which he was not’’. Jay kidnapped Ayesha to marry her which was a very big mistake by him. Ayesha was hopping that he is going to impress her and will change him for her, but he did a big mistake. He also joined PD for Ayesha, but he again betrayed. Somehow Ayesha started to like him but when he betrayed the whole PD, she was hurt by Jay a lot. Jay was jailed for doing corruption in PD. When Jay came out from the jail he robbed a bank, Ayesha was now a civilian she took retirement from police department, He kidnapped Ayesha and somehow they both fall in love with each other and they both got marry. After three months Ayesha realized that Jay is not giving her importance he only love one thing that is money and he only thinks about himself only now Ayesha will take divorce from Jay and she has also applied back in Police Department.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I am a girl who spent most of her time in Police Department as well as in Rebels too. I am very well aware about the mindset of thieves and terrorists. I have spent almost 3 months in Police Department, I know about all the rules and regulations of Police Department. I am a hard worker and I am a sports girl. I am good in boxing and shooting. I am also a black belt in Judo Karate and I took first position in International Karate Competition which was held on 2016. I also took part in many boxing championships and I got many certificates and positions. I also worked as a secret agent for Police Department and have provided much of the information to them. Last Year I took first place in marathon race. No one can defeat me in running and I think due to this quality I can catch any thief easily if he tries to run. Car driving is my love and my driving skills are too much good because I use to do Street racing when I was only 14 years old. Street racing increased my driving skill and this will also help me in Police Department while chasing the suspects. If we talk about my personality, I am a very punctual, friendly and humble girl. I use to make friends, I use to talk with people that's why my communications skills are much better and I can speak many languages and this gonna help me while negotiating with rebels. So these are all my experience which I think will be useful to the department.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Well, The only change I need in Police Department is seriousness in call cops, All police officers should have their own personality and people should obey them. Cops Should be friendly with citizens. Moreover We should create a Department for Traffic rules who will only look after for traffic rules. Last but not least I have seen we do not take serious complains which are registered by our citizens, I think we should work on it whether the information provided is correct or not because as a Police officer it is our duty to protect our citizens. OOC (( I want in game radio system with radio emote working this will give more realistic feeling in rp and no one will not be able to use radio if some one will snatch him or her radio))

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I think I have past experience in Police Department due to which I am very well known about all the rules and regulations of PD which a new freshie will not aware about. I will learn the things immediately because of my past experience. Moreover I have mentioned all my character specialties which are very useful for Police Department and If Police Department will accept me I will remain much active in PD and will work by heart and will do much hard work and will decrease the death, and robberies rate in the city Insha Allah
