Name 

Azan Dar

Discord ID  

[khaddim] Lucifer Morningstar#6035

Age 

19

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1321

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character's name is king dexter. I am 20 years old. I belonged to a middle-class family. My father was a driver. He passed away when I was 12. I passed my graduation from the government college of Lahore. Then I went to Los Santos for higher education. When I reached there, Hostel expenses were too high, I couldn't afford them, So I did a part-time job at Bean Machine Coffee shop as a cashier. I was dropped out of university. Then I meet a guy, He told me to join his gang, His gang name was Vagos, I did many robberies, Banks, Main Banks, jewelry. One day I was caught in a Main Bank robbery and I was Jailed for 10years. When I was in jail, I realize that I have to leave all these bad things and I should serve best for this city. After my jail, I came back to the city. And I joined a personal security team, My shooting aim was improved at the time when I was a rebel. My Boss was really, satisfied with my work. He told me to join LSPD. Now I am trying to join LSPD.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have the trait of negotiating situations with fair RP without breaking any rules. I know about all the rules and regulations of the Police Department. And my biggest quality is I am playing from 3 wipes and I've never got banned, And I've never been involved in such reports. My driving and my aim are very good. For me, two qualities that are very important to join PD are Driving and Aim. I have these both qualities. I have leaded many situations, I've Joined three gangs that are RDX, Invader, Khaddim. I've got many experiences of a rebel in these gangs. I know all techniques of rebels. No one can defeat me in my shooting aim and I think due to this quality I can win code-reds easily. So these are all my experiences which I think will be useful to the department.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I've noticed that Police officers don't follow traffic lights. I will try to stop this And they don't comply with rebels at all, They just taze and fine, If I will be an officer First I will do some RP then I will ask for a fine or jail. The rest of the things in PD are fine Police officers are performing well nothing needs to be changed.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Because of my experience, As I said above I have the trait of negotiating situations with fair RP without breaking any rules. I know about all the rules and regulations of the Police Department. My driving and my aim are very good. I've experienced PD in other servers. I've never got banned in my whole experience.
