Name 

BHATTI DON

Discord ID  

BHATTI DON#4226

Age 

19

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

976 HOURS

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

NAME bhatti don AGE 19 I was brought in Southern Area Of Ireland. I've generally been raised around Crimes and brutality in the citt. My domain was known for illegal actions and was not a place of refuge to grow up. The police office has consistently been something ive gazed upward as well. It has protected me in the most startling circumstances. I've had companions been wounded and shot and I've lost a portion of my dearest companions to cut wrongdoing. All I have at any point needed is to make my bequest a place of refuge for kids to grow up and have the option to play outside. Children are too reluctant to even consider entering parks these days as you'll discover a pack at each nearby park managing medications and raising a ruckus. I have a girl who is 2 years of age and all she at any point needs is to go out and play with different youngsters and its tragic to need to clarify why its excessively perilous for her. I need to be a persevering mum to give the best life to my daughter and individuals around this domain. I need individuals to have the option to stroll around and not be terrified or scared that they may get looted or harmed. I need to be the official that individuals can depend on and turn upward to.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

Ensures operation of equipment by practicing responsible use, completing preventive maintenance requirements, following manufacturer’s instructions, troubleshooting malfunctions, notifying supervisor of needed repairs, and evaluating new equipment and techniques.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by studying applicable federal, state, and local laws and ordinances; attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; practicing skills; and participating in professional societies.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
that is something i got in 2 to 3 months living in pd that all thing is missing and is really useful for pd

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

The lack of trust for law enforcement that exists in so many communities is due in part to lack of accountability and transparency. Too many failures to indict officers and too many acquittals have left communities feeling that there is no justice. When someone is killed and no one is held responsible it not leaves people of color feeling vulnerable. To build trust, there must be consequences and the public must have information.Police departments should not investigate themselves. Nor should justice depend on prosecutors who rely on local law enforcement for evidence in cases they bring. Instead, accountability systems should be directed by the communities that police departments are supposed to protect and serve.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Protects citizens by preventing crime, enforcing laws, apprehending suspects, and monitoring traffic.
Prevents crime by explaining and enforcing applicable federal, state, and local laws and ordinances; teaching preventive, protective, and defensive tactics; mediating disputes; patrolling assigned area; responding to notices of disturbances; conducting searches; observing suspicious activities; and detaining suspects.
Apprehends suspects by responding to complaints and calls for help, observing violations, and making arrests.
Conducts criminal investigations by gathering evidence, interviewing victims and witnesses, and interrogating suspects.
Documents observations and actions by radioing information and completing reports.
Reports observations and actions by testifying in court.
Fulfills court orders by serving warrants and commitments.
Maintains safe traffic conditions by monitoring and directing traffic, enforcing laws and ordinances, investigating accidents, providing escort, and reporting unsafe streets and facilities.
Minimizes personal injury by rescuing and reviving victims and radioing for medical assistance.
Maintains operations by following department policies and procedures and recommending changes.
Ensures operation of equipment by practicing responsible use, completing preventive maintenance requirements, following manufacturer’s instructions, troubleshooting malfunctions, notifying supervisor of needed repairs, and evaluating new equipment and techniques.
Maintains professional and technical knowledge by studying applicable federal, state, and local laws and ordinances; attending educational workshops; reviewing professional publications; practicing skills; and participating in professional societies.
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed.
thats some skills i have that seems like does not exist in everyone which can make me different then others.
