Name 

CHITAR

Discord ID  

OG CHIT4R#9002

Age 

18

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

721.5

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

Choudary Chitar belongs to a rich family whos parents used to beat him up with an instrument called Chitar when he was a kid. He always got bruises which made him even stronger. When he grew up his friends named him chitar , Since he was always into crime and solving problems he always wanted to join the law enforcement , and wanted to provide his services to the city. But this was not possible as his friends got involved in drugs selling and buying . Which made him end up in jail where he further got chitroled. After spending 5 years in jail he was sent to the USA to hide his crimes along with his friends. He knew he had to join the police force to fulfill his dreams. One day he saw on news that law enforcement was recruiting officers , He had to be the part of police so he decided to go away from his friends and enter into servicing the law.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have alot of experience in the law enforcement department itself as i have had been through a couple of ranks and had achieved a rank of lieutenant, and have been a part of the LSPD management. Before that I had been a professional NPAS in the pd which makes me good at flying helicopters. I have trained many cadets who have now achieved good ranks in the pd as a CTTD. I had also been appointed in the EMS for a while where i serviced health cares to the Law enforcement. I think my addition in the department would help to increase an NPAS in the pd.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I would not like any changes to be seen in the department as it is being led by people who themselves are good at leading. However if appointed as an officer would like to analyze the department and see if any changes are needed. And if i suggest anything it would be for the betterment of the police department. I would work hard to ensure i analyze it properly

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Since i have had been in the police department for long enough and have had myself learnt from many people who had been an integral part of the police , I think that i have the experience to be appointed as an officer. 712.5 hours had i played fivem and almost 600 of these are
playing as a police officer . I have been at good ranks in pd and have benefitted the pd by helping and training cadets. My addition to the pd to the pd cannot be challenged as i had worked hard to become an officer and have never recieved any striked during my tenure.
