Name 

Ender

Discord ID  

Ender#0005

Age 

17

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

2700 Hours

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My name is Ender Khen , i was Born in Los Angelos , I studied in this city and for further studies i went to los Santos , i worked hard in this city and earned my living , my father got a car dealership in this city , he also wanted me to become a car dealer , but i didnt like this car dealing job , But my father forced me to handle the car dealership , then i said ok , after few months , my father passed away , i was alone with my small brother , The whole car dealership was on my name now , I was facing many difficulities and problems to handle the dealership , then after some days my health was getting bad day by day , then i said my brother i didnt know when i will pass and went to the god Please handle my car dealership , and i gave to my small brother , Then i recovered my health and me and my brother started the car dealership again together , i gained my living and purchased a Big Mansion for my Family.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I know about Handling the situations , i know about every rule in Roleplay , i have good aim in shooting , i will try my best to stop robberies and drugs faction in this city , i will keep the following rules when i will be a cop :
1- I will strict the civilians those who drives at 30-40 + Speed on streets.
2- I will obey the rules that is given from my senior Police Officers.
3- i will try to give much time to Police and see different situtions and daily reports or problems of civilians.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

If i get accpeted in Police Department , I will be very loyal with the other Police Officers , i will participate in every activity of Police Department , I will show my loyality to Police Officers and Police Department , I have Good sense of Rp and Handling the situation , i would like to take special care of the people doing whitlisted jobs CRABS AND SHRIMPS , tailor , garbage worker etc , because those people work hard and for their living they do this job and those who just do some bad works like drugs and robberies i will try my best to arrest them an finish this from my city. I can also help on raiding different RDM-Zones.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

The most valuable trait that a Police Officer posses is his shooting and fighting skills , This is a Roleplay server and i personally think that some officers don't do that so if i get accepted in Police Department i will try my best to fill the requirements that PD Wants me too , Also i am confident about my Aim and Shooting Skills so i can also benifit police department in combating situations like raiding on different RDM Zones like cocaine , moneywash etc , i have also good negotiation skills and know how to cool down situation
