Name 

Faizan

Discord ID  

Y4LGAAR#2511

Age 

17

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1200+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

I was born in a small town, my father was a farmer and my mother worked at homes to earn money. I grew up in a poor family, but my parents dreamed of making me successful. My father's dream was to grow up me to be a successful police officer. My parents worked hard to make this dream come true. I worked hard to fulfill this dream of my parents and went abroad to study to fulfill this dream of my parents. After going to aboard, I worked hard on my studies. And finally, after so much hard work, I got my degree.
degree attached:


https://ibb.co/jfmM7Tz


When I returned to my hometown after completing my degree, I learned that my father had died. I was very upset to know this now I am responsible for my whole family. I came to LOS SANTOS with my family and started looking for a new job I did a lot of jobs like trucker and collecting crabs but failed an d now I am applying for LOS SANTOS POLICE DEPARTMENT

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I am one of the oldest roleplay players and familiar with our server's rules and regulations I have been in the faction of emergency medical services for two months already in project X [1.0] also in LSPD for three months. I have experience in how to handle criminals in critical and panic situations and owned the good communication and role play skills. I know what to do in case of danger and rules which are applied for RDM zones and code red area. I have gone through cases that an ordinary citizen has not gone through.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

As I said before, I was in this department before and I made less mistakes which improved the image of the Pd. My aim is not so good but I have better roleplay skills. I also perform much better in teamwork according by better communication and driving skills.As a wise man has said "talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.”

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

The most important thing in this institution is honesty. I have lived in this institution before. I have done my job honestly.I have already spent three months in this institution which proves that I have experience living in this institution which is very important.I have already mentioned many things that prove that I am capable of this institution like I owned better roleplay and communication skills or familer with driving protocols et cectra.

Edited July 1, 2021 by Y4LGAAR
Me nhi btaon gqqq
