Name 

Fardeen

Discord ID  

Fardeen Ch#7777

Age 

17

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

700

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character name is Elye. I was a student of bechlor. I study in the university in the day time and after words in the part time, i do a job in order to earn some amount of money to fullfill my daily needs. Times were very difficult on me. The expenses were too high and my income was not in order to fullfill the expenses. Due to which, i was forced to quit my degree. I left the university and decided to shift to the city of LOS santos. I arrived here 8 years ago. At first, i started a job at clothing shop. That was not a big deal but still as this is a big city, so a tailor earns well by which he can fullfill his needs and things. I was also living a quite well life. One day, i was passing from a tunnel just behind the police department of Los santos. There some people came and pointed a gun on me. I was scared. They said me to give them everything i've (my wallet, mobile phone, money e.t.c. ). It was the toughest day of my life. They took my everything and left me there. I was feeling alone and burning from inside because of the anger. There i decided that i'll take down these kinds of bastards. I saw the poster quoting that "LSPD is recruiting", that was my chance. I decided to fill the application. In the previous week i sent it to the HQ of LSPD. I'm hopefull that my application will be accepted and i'll work as a COP in order to finish this crisis of terrorism. This was my story but it's not the end. It's the start of a new journey.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have been doing RP as a police officer from about 4, 5 months. I have learned enough skill of how to engage in discussions, plannings and interogations. I know how and where to take a step and where to step backward. I am also aware with the basic working of the units of the P.D. Where a speed unit works, where swat works and what is the role of highway patrol e.t.c. I am also aware of the basic mindset of the gangs and rebels. This make alot easier for me to pick up their next step and tackle them down. These are the experiences that i have and i though these will be helpful to the department.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

if i got selected, there are few suggestions that i think should be present in the Police Department. First of all my, the most imp thing that i think should be present in the pd is the followance of the sop. There is a proper sop but most of the officers donot give proper attention to it and neglect it most of the times which causes many unstablilites in the working of pd like the civilians sometime feels that pd is even breaking rules more than this. So proper followance of the sop is the first thing that i like to see in the department. The second thing is the consideration of roleplay or gunplay. Pd should promote the roleplay than gunplay. The things which can be tackled down by talking with the other should not be completed by using weapons. These were the two main changes that i would like to see in the department.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I have a good background related to the roleplay as an officer. I am doing the Cop rp from past 3 months. I have quite enough experience due to which i think that not only i can be a part of the pd but also i would work the betterment of it by giviing the suggestions that i have gained from my experience. Also my skills like handling and obeying the seniors creates a chance of learning for me. I prefer more working than asking questions and e.t.c. I tried my best to play as a perfect cop in the past and i'll try my best to also play as a cop following all the sops and stuffs here. My main motive is to create a suitable chance for the civilians to do roleplay with the cop. I prefer that police should be more cooperative to the civilians than anyone other. These were the thing due to which i think that i should be given a chance to be a part of the LSPD.
