Name 

Harry

Discord ID  

H A R R Y#6969

Age 

16

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

2000+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

When i was born I have always Dream of as A Police man of Country. So when i start Grew up i always gone to the thought of becoming hero That city needs and Give Those justice who have failed This city and be loyal to to my Commander And Boss,So after Few months later me ,my parents Were walking on a street and coming from A Cinema so Three Criminals were following us and Stop us,they looted my parents and after that they also killed them for no reason in hurry,Then I were in a big Depression and i Swear to myself to be a man that the city needs,I took Martial ArtsClasses. After Completing my all lessons i decided to Join a Rebel Force name Khaddim. So after a long time in force they are turning up as a Criminals and became a gang and I Thought that this isn't what i Promise to myself.Then I remake my decision and decided to join Los Santos Police Department.So the Story Begins!

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

Always Remember The Gangs That what they are trying to do If they are trying to do any Criminal or illegal activity so Tell and inform our leader or Sergent to Take Decision as qucikly as possible and if they are not active so handle it my self With 1 or 3 officers with me. A crime handler that includes not to be a lazy person and always Accept The order which is given by my leader of operation.I have a Commen sense of Understanding The Criminal or a player Thinkings and always understand That what they are trying to play.i will not be a officer who Get Sold out By a Gangster which also known as Bribed.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I've noticed that Police officers don't follow traffic lights. I will try to stop this And they don't comply with rebels at all, They just taze and fine, If I will be an officer First I will do some RP then I will ask for a fine or jail. The rest of the things in PD are fine Police officers are performing well nothing needs to be changed.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Because I have much experience in RP. Secondly I have much confidence in speaking terms and also can speak English fluently. Secondly I would change the typical mindset of code-red among the PD officers and would promote RP in the city.
