Name 

Hassaan

Discord ID  

hassaan#7404

Age 

25

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

2000+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

Hassaan ur Rahman, just another guy from a backward city called San Andreas. Being in that city his only aim was to make the city a better place to live in. He served in different Law Enforcement Departments for over 6 years.
Due to his good performance he was posted to a bigger city with bigger problems known as Los Santos. Los Santos gave him a tough time at the start but he managed to cope up and gave a really good performance as well. He gave a really tough time to the gangs of the city. Robberies percentage was dropped, street crimes were almost finished and everything was going smoother than before. Gangs were really fed up by this brave officer.
One day on his way back from the duty he was kidnaped by some gangsters. He was tortured and was kept in the custody for a very long time. Many investigations failed and many operations were failed to get this officer back. Then someone from the gang finally decided to leave him far away from the city. From an unknown place Hassaan somehow managed to come back and finally found his people and city. He got hospitalized for almost 2 months.
With the help of psychiatrists and doctors he finally was able to get back to his senses. He is back and now ready to serve for the Law Enforcement once again because it is in his blood.
This time he aims to be a better officer than before and will investigate his case himself to find the culprits behind his kidnaping.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have 1800+ hours experience being in RP server Law Enforcement Departments. I have been playing RP in SA before. Was in LSPD, LVPD, FBI. Then I joined PXRP and joined LSPD. Played for almost 300+ hours in the dpt. Created many useful documents for the dpt. helped the department grow. I have a lot of experience in RP situation handling. Documentation is also one of the things which I can do easily. I have also conducted/created many interviews for the new recruits. I managed and conducted effective trainings as well.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

First of all I have to learn a lot. I am not aware of the recent changes updates. But I will definitely do as much for the dpt. as I can to make it a better place and a more professional dpt. With the guidance of my seniors I will definitely make positive changes. I would definitely like to see the department grow and become more powerful so the city can be a safer place to live in.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I have a lot of experience being in Law Enforcement Departments. My 90% of the played RP hours are in PD Dpts. My shooting, driving, leadership skills etc are really good. I know how to work under supervision and also know how to work as a supervisor. I have been in PXRP's LSPD as well. My 300+ hours are for the LSPD of PXRP. I worked as a recruit officer, trainer etc. So I believe you should prefer and experienced guy over others.
