Name 

Huzaifa Ahmed

Discord ID  

HUZAIFA PLAYS®#6969

Age 

16

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

70+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character's name is Huzaifa who used to live in North Yankton as a police officer but during a code-red situation at a bank robbery, he accidently shot his own junior teammate due to which he got demoted and transferred to LSPD ( Los Santos Police Department) where he joined in as a new recruit and started a new journey in the police department fighting th crimes, helping the community and making the city a better and safe place to live for others.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have served as a Director Inspector General DIG in another server (Insanity-X). Due to this experience ,I know how to handle RP situations in bank robberies, Code Red Situations, Car Hijacking ,Kidnapping etc. So I would definitely serve the people and improve the reputation of the police Department.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Firstly I would improve the reckless driving of the police officers, then I would prefer RP situation over code-red or shootout situations during robberies etc. I would improve the interaction of police officers with ordinary residents of the city as well.And all of these would lead to improvement of respect of PD among the citizens.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Because I have much experience in PD. Secondly I have much confidence in speaking terms and also can speak English fluently. Secondly I would change the typical mindset of code-red among the PD officers and would promote RP in the city.

Avemble
Avemble
LSPD Management

 1
69 posts
Posted August 15, 2021 (edited)
BdgBf3GC3FxXzCQr0pc-82YSvfzuQpViQ6o808pFwYZV3r0-L2ZnPDDWYVI3yHngofaOPmb0vTjsyoPUDGIFtYHzBt2hT2X-V5zgBuXm8W3aEW_P17wRVQkxWcy3Kt2gGiRbuz2N
Your application has been Hold

Kindly add some detail to every question in your application
Feel free to re-apply in 7 days. If you apply before this date your application will be DENIED and the timer reset.
Messaging any Management member on attempting to appeal the outcome of your application may result in you being blacklisted, making it harder for you to join the police in the future

Edited August 15, 2021 by Avemble
Huzaifa
Huzaifa
Members

 0
2 posts
Author
Posted August 15, 2021
What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)

I have served as a Director Inspector General DIG in another server (Insanity-X). Due to this experience ,I know how to handle RP situations in bank robberies, Code Red Situations, Car Hijacking ,Kidnapping etc. So I would definitely serve the people and improve the reputation of the police Department. Also I am a sharp-shooter and barely miss my shots , secondly my communication level is very good with others so it will be easier for others to understand me and both the parties won't face any communication gap . I'm also a skilled driver too so it will be much easier for me to chase down the fleeing criminals , which of course can help the department by catching criminals fast , and take action as soon as possible. my skills can really be helpful for the department , my services would definitely be useful to you and I would like to work harder at your service .


If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Firstly I would improve the reckless driving of the police officers, because whenever someone breaks a traffic rule and then gets pulled over by police, the driver always argue that the police officers also do reckless driving, break poles, cross red signals etc. so I would prove that their argue is wrong by putting the officers through a sort of driving test. then secondly the thing is that I would prefer RP situation over code-red or shootout situations during robberies etc. due to this the people in the city would see that the PD is a peace-promoting organization not be the typical police. I would improve the interaction of police officers with ordinary residents of the city as well. And all of these would lead to improvement of respect of PD among the citizens


Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I should be preferred  because I have much experience in PD as well as in gangs so I know the weakness of both the parties. I can always predict what their next move could be.  Secondly I have much confidence in speaking terms and also can speak English fluently. Lastly, I would always act mature, would perfect my mistakes, give my best and go against those ,wo=ho go against the law. 

TYSM. I hope you won't regret the decision of selecting me for your department ❤️

To the Police Department Los Santos
Huzaifa Ahmed
*Signature*
