Name 

Ibrahim

Discord ID  

Ibrahim...#5131

Age 

16

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

300+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

I was living in san Andreas with my friend who was my room mate In our flat , until our other friend named Zack came at the door . He basically asked us if he could move in with us because he lost his home , we let him but we both knew he was a drug addict and he did drugs all of his life that is why he lost his , home . I was always into being a cop and I hated the people who broke the rules , but he was our friend . he said he would leave drugs , that is until I caught him doing drugs in my own room , I took action right away , and he got forced to jail , even though he did drugs all of his life but after all he was my friend . I had to somehow stop his addiction and get him out of the jail . I went to pay Him a visit the the SAPD , and asked him that where did he get his drugs from , after I knew it , I went to the location with some of the cops , they straight away arrested the criminals selling drugs . After my friend was released , he made a promise to all of us he would never do drugs again in his entire life , and he actually became a man of his word and he started to go to the normal and peaceful lifestyle . After that I started working for the police , because of my knowledge about criminals and situation handling and 2nd because of my friends who were already in PD , they knew how I followed every rule and had knowledge about police , and I started my job and couldn't be more happier and ask for anything else , with the absolute help of being a hard working cop at your service I would like to improve and perfect my skills and be a good and a dedicated cop.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

My experience is that I am a sharp shooter I barely miss my shots , not exaggerating but I am proud of my skills which can really help the department , on the other hand I also communicate well with others so it will be easier for others to understand me I also understand others well too . I'm a really really skilled driver too so it will be much easier for me to chase down some criminal , which of course can help the department by catching criminals fast , and take action as soon as possible , I do not panic in such big situations and I take things patiently too. My experience in other servers have been useful too , and I would like to work harder at your service .

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I would really like to see everyone communicating well with each other , and respond to each other on time , basically a more fluent code of communication , the 2nd thing I would like to add is the PD not breaking the traffic lights so that the citizens don't do it too , and at the end they don't say you also broke it so we are also going to do it . The last thing would probably be Quick reaction time , so that we can handle the criminals and not let them escape and stuff.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I should be preferred more because I have knowledge about criminals , and I know their mind set about what move they are going to do next , and as I mentioned above I can chase down criminals fast so that we can take action ASAP . I am really confident and I would like to give all of my skills into this department , and perfect my mistakes , and go against those , and take action against those who don't follow the rules and regulations . I can handle such situations and I take things maturely so that the criminals don't outplay us .
Thank you for your time 💙

Edited May 13, 2021 by Ibrahim...
