Name 

Kingo

Discord ID  

Kingo#4617

Age 

18

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

2000+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My name is John Michalson. Son of Michalson. Born in Las Vagos. Belongs from Businessman family. My age is 25. Studied at the University of Boston. Grew up in an upper-class neighbourhood but my nature is very sneaky and a bit rude. I am English Muslim who defines as straight. I was raised by my father, my mother left me when I was young. I am of average height with pale skin, golden hair and brown eyes. I am currently in a relationship with Madison Cody Love. Madison is the same age as me and works as a journalist. I just want to continue my career as Police Officer. Just want Cody to be my life partner and my backbone for my whole life. My Father is the Owner of Leather Factory. And My Brothers are taking care of my Fathers Business. So Financially I am full of money. I just want to do my job as an honest officer. Want to sacrifice my life for my country.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have already experience of Police and served around 1 and half year in the police. I am Top Class Pilot of a Helicopter. Also well Good in Situation Handling. I am well known for a lot of experiences that will be greatly helpful for the Police Department. I hope many officers will take lessons from my situation handling and I will take a lesson from them. I am literally known of every piece of police equipment and knows how to use and manage every piece of equipment.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I think so PD is going well fluid and wanted to keep operating like this. I don't want to make a big change I just want to make police to act more realistic in situations and show leniency in different situations. Just want to reduce little power gaming so it will be fair for rebels to savour and enjoy.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

As a I said before I already knows the use of equipment of police department. So it gives me preference at nest level bcz officers don't need to hard work on me. I am also retired officer of Police Depatrment. I joined PX Department in November 2019 as a 3 batch of Police officers in the server and sever around 8 months as Police officer than I again Joined served for 3 Months. I hope that will enough that you prefer me more than other people.

leoaflex
leoaflex
LSPD Management

 3
100 posts
Posted May 18, 2021
a0LosFuSDUIcXwC1fJBAPf4uFKP8AuHYawpLDySzUAk_4dfLev47tEw4c-hyPZhU5EdEmr1gLc-g6OI-fivFzUiCElgo-eaatDzZDJx4WDY31aeLE6duRR145DT0mv3xUVvk4SXi
Your application has been placed on hold.
(Add some more details to the last 2 questions)

Do not message any PTMD Management member to hurry up the application process as this may result in your application being delayed or declined.

Kingo
Kingo
Members

 0
8 posts
Author
Posted May 19, 2021
If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 
According to me, PD is going very smoothly and well fluid I also want to operate like this. But in some cases, PD really needs improvement that I want to change.
As I also have played rebel side. In some scenarios, innocent people are robbed by some gangsters and police come in scenario due to gunshots happens in that
area. But sometimes the gangsters make arrest innocent people by Police. So I want to say that sometimes the story is different from the story that you are
seeing from your eyes. PD needs to be more Practical and be more realistic. In most chases, PD are just ramming hot pursuit vehicles in them Rather than capturing
robber vehicle. So PD needs a lot of tough grind in Driving and communication skills so they don't Ram in them. And officers have to always be serious in there
characters. Thank You. 🙂

 

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 
I am an EX police officer. Remained as Highest Officer in my Era. I have played for 1 year as a cop in PX. So definitely I am already well known for situation handling.
I am remained as Commanding Officer in Police Department. I have also done my job as Crime Investigation Unit (CIU) and also worked as CIA. So I am already
known of mostly 90% of Government Secrets. I was also assigned as Head In NPAS. So according to these many skills I think so you will prefer me than other people
who have applied. I am already known of strategies and all other organizations that are working under are Los Santos Police Department (LSPD). As an government  
Asset you can prefer me more than other people. Thank You. 🙂
