Name 

Lord Taha

Discord ID  

Lord Taha#7043

Age 

17

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

2800+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

my name lord Taha is but people call me Taha . My age is 28 years old. I live small apartments near LOS SANTOS POLICE DEPARTMENT. I was born in Los Santos. my skin tone light brown people make fun of me. My Hight is 6 feet.
I am a Morning Person I used to wake early in Moring. . My story starts from I was one single son of my parents. They loved me a lot. they were not very rich so we used to live in Sandy Shores. Sandy Shores is located in the middle of the Grand Senora Desert in Blaine County. This town is named Sandy Shores because it is situated at the shore of the Alamo Sea. one day some gang come to our house asked us to leave our home and give everything to them. They killed my parents. from that day i am orphan.
I was used to sleep in muddy roads of Sandy Shores. one day some people saw me their and offered me shelter. I told them, my whole story. They offered me job as their guard . I didn't wanted to work like that .
one day they took in me in main bank. they ask me to secure main gate. i don't what was happening . their I killed many people.
after that my boss do blindly trust on me. he make me as his right hand. i used to go in many deals with him. They I know that I am in gang . I was loyal to him
One day in gun fight my boss was killed , that gang was finished and i was kidnap by some people. They took me to unknown place. they shaved my hair. now I don't have hair on my head. I stay in their hideout for 3 days .
after 3 days they released me. after that I filed compliant at police station . with the police help and other forces I got justice. then I pledge to do good deeds . I have donated all black money to NGO. now I want to join LSPD to give justice to citizens and to reduce crime rate.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

The most valuable trait that I posses is my Self-confidence this mean You trust yourself. It's as simple as that. And when you have that unshakeable trust in yourself, you're already one step closer to success. self confidence is the factor which help person to get motivated. If person is well motivated he will work more efficiently. Also i am confident about my Aim and Shooting Skills so i can also benefit police department in combating situations like raiding on different RDM Zones and stopping robberies. I have good communication skills the key is communicate and pay attention to the communicators around you. When communication is present, trust and respect follow. I will help department to negotiation. I know 10 codes. I don't prefer 10-9 (code red ) situations.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

As much as I'd like to believe that the LSPD is in perfect working order for the time being, dissidents who believe that they are DONS OF CITY will be brought down slowly and steadily by me and my colleagues, which will reduce crime rates in the city, allowing our city to set something aside for people, and I will discover those who are defiles in the LSPD. I was aware of debasement in PD and came to the realisation thatI was aware of debasement in the PD and learned that they were dismissed and boycotted, and I'd like to see whether someone else is doing the same, and as I learn more, I'll inform my LEO or any senior officer, and I'll want to complete wrongdoings in the community, and my primary concern is to make police offices more grounded, as that is the means by which there will be all the more less violations.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

i should be hired because i have old experience as rebel and a police(LSSD) officer as well as doctor .These both factions have developed a good sense of communication skills which made my voice clear and being a officer should have clear and loud voice. Nice aiming which will be useful in 10-9 situations and Driving and as well as flying helicopter skill Which will be help in chasing someone. I am also know about traffic rules. As i told you before that is was in ems and lSSD so I also know about sops  well am loyal to city. I carry a strong collection of flying skills and plan to join the NPAS once I achieve the required rank. Provided the right equipment, my bullets rarely miss in close quarter combat, whether on a on the field. Aside from that, with years of combat leadership experience, I see myself taking command of combat situations as the OC when necessary.
