Name 

Maaz

Discord ID  

𐌼ꋬꋬƵ#1758

Age 

18

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

750

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My story begins in liberty city as a little boy named Maaz, the story begins with me walking into the city bank with my father to cash in his check to pay for our family clothes, food soon after we are met by 4 gunmen weilding weapons towards us, my father tries to protect me, begging for his and my own life. The gunmen shoot him in his chest
I watch my father die infront of me. A hostage situation is soon rolled out and the police effeciently take out all threats inside the bank. For the next few years my life was a blur, I finished school a few years later but that day still stuck in my head on repeat day in, day out. I wanted to be a police officer, due to the fact that is what saved my life that day and also the fact that I wanted to save a little boys farther some day in some way, like my dad should of been. I decide to take the next flight to los santos in search of my destiny as a member of the police department

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

come from a very game filled youth which had collaboration going through it. The social capacity I acquired from my days as a game monstrosity have helped me in numerous different parts of life and I'm certain that its valuable here just as openness is absolutely vital in the policing power. My time in my first occupation additionally showed me how to manage individuals in any circumstance as I worked in an exceptionally serious development work where correspondence was required. My abilities I have acquired in life make certain to help me to be the most ideally equipped suit for the work as could really be expected.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I'd say one of the solitary things I'd like to see from the division is more noteworthy neighborhood outside of precisely how is helped the work, and I mean more events where we obtain the inhabitants and let them meet people behind the recognizable proof, and will collect that relationship. Concerning the city, I'd like to see some more speed cameras set up in key places as there have been generally where I see people flying through the city like there's no speed limit.and also a thing that is The Police should spread Everywhere like in Sandy Shores & Paleto Bay which I think will be Smarter to control Violations in the city since I had played from civillian side too individuals do drug trafficiking Out of the City So the Police Can't Catch them

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I'm mindful of the unobtrusive absence of officers on the job previously, I would put forth a valiant effort of my capacity to change this as I have a genuinely adaptable shift accessibility. I likewise couldn't imagine anything better than to meet a greater amount of individuals of Los Santos and I think this work is an extraordinary method to do this as you meet a wide range of characters in the city, I figure my social capacity would help the police power in chatting with individuals we experience as at times there can be disarray in the correspondence among police and regular folks. My enthusiasm is another resource that would carry extraordinary outcomes to Los Santos as I am really energized in engaging in halting wrongdoing inside the roads, ideally prompting more legitimate captures
