Name 

Moin Azeem

Discord ID  

Bhola#3586

Age 

26

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

Approx 1200

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character's name is Bhola, he is 25 years old. Bhola hasn't had the best of childhoods, to say the least. When he was 13 he was celebrating his birthday, and his parents decided to take him on a trip to the Zoo. Although Bhola's parents weren't very financially well-off, they saved up for months to make his birthday a very special day for him. When they were driving to the Zoo, they pulled over into a gas station to refuel, when two rebels approached the back of the car.

Bhola's mother and father were both very defenceless, Bhola hid in the back seat. There was lots of shouting and crying, which was the most distinguishable memory of the event for him. A few minutes passed and he heard two gunshots. Bhola had never heard gunshots before, but he knew that he was in some serious trouble. Suddenly, the scene was very quiet. He felt a cold shiver run up his spine as he continued to hide in the back seat.

Shortly after the LSPD rolled up, and softly broke the news to the young boy. His mother and father had died. After then, he was sent to an orphanage where he would have different parents week in and week out. The truth was, nobody wanted to adopt him because he was clearly quite troubled.

A little time passed and Bhola soon indulged himself into dark crowds. At the age of 18, he decided enough was enough. He wanted to end his life. He approached the bridge to commit to his fate. Just minutes before he was about to jump, a man approached him and save his life. Bhola explained why he wanted to end his life, and how much of a monster he felt for not attempting to help his now late parents. A man told him that everything was going to be okay, and the best way to move on from the horrible event would be to spread happiness rather than negativity in the world.
The way unknown man-made Bhola feel was overwhelmingly positive. He wanted more than anything to seek redemption, but not for revenge, but to stop the tragic event happening to any other victims. A year later, here he is, 25 years of age trying to make a better life for himself in Los Santos.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

My aim skills are very good, I also know how to deal with gangs and my driving skills are good too, I will try my best to reduce the crime ratio in the city and help poor people from getting rob also, I can Role play very well with the gangs.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

If you hire me then that can make our city safer and department more trustworthy to civilians. For example, as a police officer, I would try my best to caught thieves People who saved their money in bank thieves rob the banks and take all their hard work income. when I was roaming around the city every one gets robed easily. so I want to decrease the criminal ratio from our city and make it clean from gangs. I am a very honest person. I hate Bribes.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I believe I am the best fit for the job because I have 1.5 years of experience in Roleplay. And I also did a police job before. I possess a combination of skills and experience that make me stand out. I can do the work and deliver exceptional results I will fit in beautifully and be a great addition to the team.
