Name 

Moiz Khan

Discord ID  

Moiz khan#8622

Age 

20

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

450+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character name is Panday Jee. I am from the city a bit away from los santos. I was a farmer. I had a happy family. I was living my life very well. I earned quite reasonable money by which i was more likely filling my every expense. Suddenly a chaos happenend to my life, my crop was was put on fire by my friend. It shocked me. It was really a terrible situation. I was traumatized. So i decided to leave my village to get rid of all the family enimies and my friends and start a new life with a new beginning. So i reached the city of LOS SANTOS from about 5 months ago. I was new in the city. At that point, i was also suffering from the shortage of money. So in order to fullfill my personal and family expenses i started working in a clothing store. I worked day and night. In the morning, i gather the wool and in the eveining i make some of the clothes with that wool and after all this stuff hardly i earn a very little amount of money. It was really a harsh time of my life. After that, i decided to get rid of this hard working job. I used my savings and took a loan from the bank and bought a taxi and started working as a taxi man. This was the time when my financial conditios started getting better. So i worked as a taxi driver for a quite well time and earned well enough money. Now i owned my very own house. I have 3 kids, a beautiful wife and a happy living family. Currently i work as a sales person in the bakery and in the part time i drive the taxi. So i am happy right now and financially stable. But i have one tension still running in my mind. That is what will happen to me when i will become old. Who will take care of me and my family. From where i will get the money in order to stablize my house, in order to complete the education, health and other responsibilites of my children. So because of this thought, i have decided to find a government job. I decided to get a job in the Los Santos Police Department. By this i will get penshion after the retirement and also i'll get free health facilites. So i'm trying my best to get job in the Department and hopefully i will get it.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I'm currently serving as a COP in the Paradise Roleplay of Pakistan. Also, i have been doing the Police RP from a quite well time. Due to which i have enough experince of managing stuff. Dealing with people and interogations. e.t.c. I know the radio codes. I'm mature enough to deal and talk with anyone. Plus, i'm good in handling situations. From Gang RP to PD RP, i have idea of every single condition. Know very well how to handle and tackle the situation. I've very well eye on the gangs point of view. I can guess the steps that they could take. So my experience in the world of RP in my main weapon. Which i think is very important and can be useful to the department and i also think that i will be happy to serve as a COP for this server....

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

My main preference is the proper way of working of the P.D. I would like to see the working of P.D in a proper manner. Using in-game radios, going to situations by making conveys and using codes of 10 to convey and explain their observations. Also, i think that the traffic rules of the city should be given importance. People in the city are a little bit abiding the traffic rules so i think that we as a COP should have a deep eye on them. So that the traffic rules and regulations should be preserved and no one dares' to abide them. We should fine the suspects who ever break the rule. These were the few changes that i would like to see in the department and i am hopefull that these things should be given importance and one day these will be in working states. Thank you.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

As i have mentioned before that i have enough experience in the LSPD as well in the gang RP. So i think that my view of thinking and observing things is very broad. I can pick the crimes as well as the faults with ease. Also, i know almost every thing as a COP. Like i am a pre-built officer. Little work will be required to polish my skills and abilites. By my way of managing and handling the things as a COP, you will see that i will definitely assist the P.D and no complain and issues will be heard by you against me. My traits are also mentioned before, with respect to this, i can talk in english as well. So it will also assist me in dealing some situations. Also, i have a past experience of P.D, so i think that by all these thinks, i can play my some part in the assistance of the P.D and i should be considered. Thats all from my side. Thank you.
