Name 

MrKhan

Discord ID  

MrKhanGaming#5418

Age 

24

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1000

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

Mr Khan Was born in los sentos. Having lived the high life being the son of one of the riches people in Los Sentos , I felt the need to make my own name. Leaving my rich roots behind, I started small, nickel and dime convince stores and such. One day I met a girl, a girl who put a bullet in my back as when i was leaving a robbery. Left for dead, I woke in the hospital handcuffed to the bed. My short lived life as a criminal was over....or was it?? I looks up from my sorrows to see the girl who shot me, dressed in all tight black leather, blasting the two cops guarding my room. She throw Me his clothes and rushed me outside. Waiting was her jet black motorcycles. She hops on and signals for him to do the same. 20 minutes later we are free from the cops and stop outside Blain county. Who is she I wonders, will I ever know.. After a long silence, she finally offers her name. Imma. Odd name but who was I to speak. She revealed that she was a paid assassin, sent by My father. My father was ashamed of the life I had chosen and decided death was a better solution than the stain on the family name that his son had become. My father had refused to pay Imma for her services since I hadn't died. There was something about me that Imma liked, something about me told her i should die...at least not yet. Now we are both on the run, lawless duo, running from the cops and the million dollar bounty My father has placed on both of us heads. Imma and Me decided to form the Rebel Gang and name it Hitman.after Some period
imma was shot dead in front of my eyes. after that i really wanted Quit gang but some personal issues and responsibility i can't quit the gang. After some time i quit gang and decide to join Police departement. So i can serve the country

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

When I came to Los Santos,.I've done a number of things to get up on my foot I've worked as a garbage, a trucker , a fisher. I've sold Woods and I've worked as a taxi driver as well, just to earn some money. Doing these jobs, I have faced Many Problems. I've been looted by robbers numerous times. When things got really hard for me, I gathered some fellows and founded a rebel gang known as Hitman. We worked for peace. I am telling you this because doing these jobs, I have networked a lot. I've met people of almost every status, caste, and culture in the city. This experience has helped me to understanding of how everything is in this city. I understand everyone's point of view. Moreover, I know each and every part of the city, all the illegal activites, hideouts, etc. This intel and experience would be a very valuable asset to the Police Department.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Police Department is a great institution. They're working really hard against the Crimes and for peace. I have quit my gang, so I can work for the betterment of the city, legally. I want the city to thrive.. Moreover, I want to stop all the gang violence in the city. People caught in the crossfire of this suffer a lot. I want to bring peace and order in the city, and the Police Department would be a big help in achieving that.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Tackling a situation sensibly is one of my most valuable trait. It can be really beneficial for the respected department LSPD as all what matters is how you tackle a situation. Being calm doesn't mean that I lack being aggressive where needed in fact I can handle both aggressive and non-aggressive situation very well I believe.My Shooting skills Also have very good i'm sharp shooter in gang. I think this All things are prefer me More. over other people who applied
