Name 

Muzamil Ali

Discord ID  

[Khaddim] Muzamil#6914

Age 

16

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1,432 hrs

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My title in MuzamilAli I came from the city title sandy shores within the past a long time my father told me that go to los santos and do a few work and make cash since my guardians couldn't bear me so when i came to los santos a group who victimized me and drive me to connect over pack so i oppose this idea than they pointed a weapon to my head and telling me presently are you joining over pack or not i will answer yes since i can spare over life to talk an as it were word yes at that time pd come at there area and capture all the theif and spared my life so that time i have a wish to connect police office and offer assistance those who are confronting that issue and capture all the city offenders and secure our los santos.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

i have involvement to lead a circumstance since when i was modern in city the pack seized me so that time i will make a circumstance to tell that we are able conversation politly and tell him that i will join your group and after that when i was within the gang i can spill all the stow away outs of the pack and tell all the data to pd and after that they will go and capture all the individuals which are within the pack so fundamentally my work in this circumstance is to spill all the things and do great wok to tell all the data around the gang.When I was in a gang in town So I kept a lot of information about that gang and its gang members there. I had to join the PD department from the beginning and to come to your department, when I have done something before so that I can be useful to your department. So I stayed in that gang and got a lot of information about their people and I kept it a secret today, when I am able to know a lot about them, I am submitting my application to your department today. So that when I come to PD, I will give you all the information that is spreading terrorism in the city so that you can catch these people as soon as possible.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

driving daily on roads I witness many traffic disaster due to people who don't follow the traffic rules. Me as a police officer will patrol the area witch has a high traffic level. this will help to reduce crime, control the death rate and will create an atmosphere of good civilians in the city.This will help to reduce crime, control the death rate and will create an atmosphere of good civilians in the city.i think i am good at making interaction with other officer plus i am good at making quick decision which can help arresting criminals. I am good at following rules and law of traffic.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

in my experience the most valuable trait i posses is my communication skills, my navigation skills and i think fast and good. this will help the department many ways. as the police are supposed to help the public my skills will be perfect for this job. hiring me will introduce a new form of development and picture for the pd. If u select me I promise that I would help other officers in there bad situation plus I would never distinguish between a cop and a normal citizen if any one is breaking any law will lead to fines
