Name 

OBAID KHAN

Discord ID  

-خان-#1038

Age 

17

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1,623 hrs on record

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character name was KHAN and I belong to a very poor family of Vice City. My father was a sweeper in the mall of vice city. We lived Hand to mouth. My father wanted me to study and become a good businessman, But he cannot afford the expenses of my study, So he took loan from many dangerous people and he spent all of them in my education. I was studying in Class 10. When the time of loan finished My father didnt have some money to give them back so my father wanted some more time from them but they refused. After some time when my father was coming back home, They caught my father and he got beaten by them and gave my father a final time for one month. I cannot see the situation of my father, So I decided to migrate from Vice City to Los Santos to earn some money to help my father. Here I met a gang member of Pandey and he took me with him. We started robberies and some other illegal activities to help my father to get out from that situation. I didnt gather much money to help my father get out. So i started a part time job in 24 store and still trying to help my father get out.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have the right combination of skills and experience for this job. Also I have past experience in LSPD where i served as DIG and was also had a lower rank in the management team so i already have gotten the basic lspd trainings.Such as my knowledge about the positions where people can take cover or usually hide during a combat situation and many more. I do very well know how to solve situations by talking and doing roleplay instead of just initiating a code red.I have been playing as a rebel since long and know-how will they react to a situation and what do they plan against the police. I know how to deal with bank situations and have done more than 8 robberies in the last week. I know the escape planes of the rebels and where do they hide in a bank situation. I have knowledge about all the spots of every bank and every RDM zone.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

If I am selected. The changes I would like to see in the department are .
1) Police officers should use the right uniform according to their rank and dont customize it according to their liking.
2)Serious RP; I remain in charachter at all times despite tough situations.
3)Try best solutions.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I understand that the role of a police officer is both demanding and rewarding and I believe I have the qualities to thrive in such an environment. I love working under pressure, working as part of a team that is diverse in nature, and also helping people in difficult situations. The public expectations of the police are very high, and I believe I have the right qualities to help the police deliver the right service to the community. I believe that I have the skills to match them and deliver what they require.
