Name 

Muhammad Omer Saqib

Discord ID  

Omer Plays#3339

Age 

21

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1570

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character's name is Omer and he is 40 years old. From the age of 25 to 35, he was an undercover agent in the FIB for the NYPD in New York which was a special department within the NYPD. During those 10 years his name was changed to “Ganju” so that he could protect his identity. In that time period as an espionage agent, he gathered scads of information which immensely helped the NYPD in cracking down on street gangs, Mafias, various black markets and some secrets that never should have been revealed. The first few months were extremely tough for him as he had to completely change his personality and for that well, he had to sit with gangsters, do crime as well in extreme cases. It took some months until he was finally recruited by a street gang. It was tough work but in his heart he knew that he was doing the right thing and ultimately it was for the greater good, for peace. After a few years of working his butt off he was in a very good position to spy. But as he went up the ladder, things got hard and more complicated. He had infiltrated the crime world so deep that no other spy had ever gone that far. It was because of his ingenuity, courage, people skills and intelligence that got him this deep. Over the years “Ganju” kept relaying information to his seniors at his department at FIB. He had enough evidence to arrest his entire gang and finish its large scale drug operations but he always had a bigger picture in his mind that's why he did not give them everything. He was patient and what he had in his mind was to finish the black market and get rid of all crime in New York; like that could ever happen.Of course we all know that in our world that is never possible but Omer was persistent. His veil of “Ganju” was very effective over the years and no one knew that he was an infiltrator. The only ones who knew his real identity were a few people at FIB headquarters. “Ganju” had made so many connections and networks that if he wanted he could make his new gang. After 9 years finally it was time and he had been waiting for this moment for years. It was what he wanted for his whole life and that was getting rid of crime. Thinking, calculating, hiding, plotting, relaying information for 9 years in the shadows was a great feat. So eventually within a few days, his and several other gangs' entire assets, operations, connections were all arrested and seized. During these years “Ganju” came across some people who told him some very apocryphal things. He refused to believe it and in order to clarify he investigated further. What he found out was quite difficult to digest but it was true. The police chief of NYPD was getting huge lumps of money in exchange for Safety and information to the gangs. After my undercover operation was over I told this to my seniors at FIB and they said that they would get back to me regarding the matter. It turned out that the chief had strong political connections and they could do nothing about it. This made Omer mad and he confronted the chief. The chief straight out threatened to kill him so Omer became quiet and he was then fired from the NYPD. So 5 years have passed and now Omer is very careful and he is planning to dig more dirt related to the chief of NYPD and expose him. Omer has even lost all his hair now because of the stress of doing such a job all these years. He literally is a Ganja but that does not stop him from his mission to rid the police from corrupt officers. Now he is planning to apply in the LSPD based in Los Santos.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I was recruited to the LSPD on 1st of Feb,2020 and for almost a year I was in the PD and in management for 85% of that time. I was the DIG for 1 month in April and after that I was in charge for NPAS for several months. In that I took interviews plus in game tests for both EMS and the PD. I have written many documents for the PD and literally have taken more than a hundred interviews for the PD and NPAS combined. The current SOP that is being used was made by me. I know the Police and server rules and I know how to properly talk to civilians and criminals.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I would like to improve radio comms since its not used as intended. I would like to see people be more organized and quick to respond to situations. I would like officers to be more active unlike the current circumstances. The department needs kick people who have a non serious attitude and do not follow police protocol or are inactive. I would like to see the PD more organized.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

My experience as Police officer and my Roleplay experience is unmatched in the PD. No can offer what I can offer to the PD. I have more knowledge regarding the city and I know when to use my gun and when not to. I am not trigger happy in any way and I take the PD very seriously. People respect me more in the city and outside and due to that respect, I can handle situations much better than others
