Name 

Papi

Discord ID  

Papi#1981

Age 

20

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

2500

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

I am Casper and that's a European word that means treasurer, or king of treasures. My name tells a a lot about my personality because everyone wants to keep treasures and try hard to own them. I was born in a small city with two brothers and sisters and i didn't had to fought hard for attention because i was the most younger sibling and most loved among all my brothers and sisters. Every one life passes through a lot of phases in life that help them gain experience and reshape their lives to live life in a better and happy way.
I was not so fond of studying so i had a tough time while in school due to study pressure from my parents side. I love to travel to different places and to try different kinds of foods belonging to different places. Once after i passed my school i got so ill that i felt life going out of my hands i almost lost hope but with the believe in god i got a new life and after that i wanted to live life in such a way that even if i lose my life suddenly at some point i should be having no regrets.
Although i could not study as more as my other siblings did, they remain out of the city most of the time due to work and i stay home because of not getting a worth job. I spent a lot of time with my parents and in free time i watch Netflix and that's a way more entertaining and a good thing to time pass. i am fond of online games as well but i wish to travel the world whenever i was able to get an opportunity to travel throughout the globe.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I Have Been Doing Pd Rp For Over An Year I Was A Part OF The recruitment unit for a while I have Trained Many People simultaneously and i was also a part of LSPD management I Was also the head of the NPAS Department . I Have A Precise Understanding Of the Server Rules And Police SOPS/ also i was IN A gang so i know alll about them and there work

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

would Like to Inforce traffic rules in the City as many are not following traffic rules these days I would deploy a team to patrol the areas where there are more people

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I said I was in mafia for a good purpose so I know how they make plans what's their strategies and all their illegal dealer that provide them gun's and drugs bombs etc I have information about them that help PD to caught them easily.,i have a good experience when it came to interacting with daily public

Admiral
Admiral
LSPD Management

 3
45 posts
Posted May 12, 2021
sHceOpibqwfyRnReA4WmU_bf2xhWPhtYjbTVePGeH5Cpezk0lBfAqSX_egROWlxf5gH3-7irjmMwydpTAtld9CvOuVWiT9qQPwMsTGxfvvlljLEUbBr95y_yy4t1UbmArPq4zuMq
Your application has been placed on hold.
(add more in second last question)

Do not message any PTMD Management member to hurry up the application process as this may result in your application being delayed or declined.

Papi
Papi
Members

 0
20 posts
Author
Posted May 12, 2021
well for starters i was a part of the staff team . i have been doing roleplay for more than 2 years i pretty much know everything about this server . i was also a part of the pd before . and i want to fully apply the vehicle restriection and weapon restriection
