Name 

R4LF

Discord ID  

R4LF #7788

Age 

27

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

MORE THEN 1000

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

So my character is a black man , which hobbies are watching anime , that why he changed his name to Naruto Uzumaki through a court case . Right now he is doing garabage job cleaning the city. And after getting alot of times robbed by diffrent types of gangs in the city he is tired from garabage cleaning and his mission is to join the LSPD and clean the city. But something happend between him and a police officer. Naruto was on the side of a road and he got ilegally detained by the officer , and the officer doesnt read his rights and he only arrested him because he was a black man. After the court decision there was no proof against me they let me go . So Naruto decide to clean the city from gangs and corrupted police officers.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

As alot of the people know me from my roleplays , i have experience in all kind of roles like EMS , LSPD , MECHANIC etc. I already have been in LSPD alot of times and i know how its works , so i dont need alot of time to be ready for the duty. I also have been EMS so i know how to first aid kit works and also know how to CPR someone or also know the usage of defibrillator, so i can save alot of lives of my mates in the LSPD. And also i have experience in mechanic, so i know about cars and how to repair them faster to catch the robber etc.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Right now i will not change anything, everything seems good , when i will get in to the PD and if i saw something bad i will tell my senior to make it better.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

As you all know , because of my experience in all kind of roleplays and i can manage any kind of situation , and make sure the roleplay keep going and not finish a role in just a random fight etc. Also i have a Leadership quality which i can use in the LSPD in some kind of a group like SWAT etc. My aim is good i can just easly clear a code red area saving my mates lives and civilians live.
