Name 

Reaper

Discord ID  

[RDX] 𝕽𝖊𝖆𝖕𝖊𝖗#4552

Age 

16

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

700+

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

Hello i am Reaper i am 16 years old. I came in this city a long ago. After so many losses I came here in search of brightness but sadly i got same condition. I was so disappointed but my intention was strong so i tried in many jobs and applied everywhere but did not got any job. Then i went for the private job of garbage collector for my family and for my hunger. When i started that job everyone started hating me because of picking up garbages but i did not quit because my thought is that there is no comparison between any job. After a while i thought that i can work as a police officer and catch criminals because since my childhood my dream was to become a police officer and catch criminals.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I think i have extraordinary cop skills like shooting aiming driving off roads and can play an integral role against drug manufacturing and t wish to imply my skills to the benefit of LSPD and the innocent citizens of Los Santos. I have the experience of the Police. I know the Protocols Code Words, The Techniques and i am Experienced in Catching Bad Guys and to Negotiate In Case of Hostage situations to save the innocent lives of los santos,

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

i will change the way of people comes to pd for reports because i saw many people coming to pd just for fun, Police department is a serious place not their house i see people dancing and laughing inside police department and if we ask sir whats the problem why are you here they say just for fun and i noticed people comes to pd start messing around with peoples i need everyone to come to pd in queue and wait for your turns instead of crash into the conversation everything gets messed up when these type of people comes to pd there is chair for for people to sit and wait for their turns i just want this change in police department.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Because ​i'm very responsible for my work and i'm not like the normal peoples i do my work very carefully and i'm ready to face any stituations i dont have any fear in my heart i'm so confident and i used to help bad guys i know all their intentions,I have good driving skills and i have good aim i rarely miss my shots.
