Name 

Rehan Arshad

Discord ID  

OptimusRehanYT#5279

Age 

21

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1350

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

After being constrained into the city by companions who have moved here, I have quickly fallen head over heels in love for the city. I at first began functioning as a transport driver, until I was actually affected through burglary and viciousness which left me broke and requiring the PD consistently. From that point, I chose to join the PD as I had a feeling that it was my chance to offer in return. Inside the PD, I've had the joy of being a quick responder with my rank being a basic consideration paramedic, while functioning as a cross dresser in the nights as an afterthought. I've completely drawn in with every single patient, accepting numerous positive surveys and attempting to create associations with residents while giving the best consideration and backing that I can provide for anybody in the city. However much I have adored each snapshot of the PD up until this point, it's the ideal opportunity for me to investigate accomplishing my fantasy about working for the police; ensuring residents consistently so that ideally they will not need the PD so much.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

The police give a very occupied and accommodating help as they give wellbeing to residents across the city. As migration is at an untouched high, the city is persistently developing. With the development of the city, it will require more cops to protect the roads. Since being a kid, I've longed for working for the police. This is a chance that I've been endeavoring to accomplish. I have different companions in the police division who I can gain from consistently just as possibly help out while giving a valiant effort to guard the city consistently. Through my relationship with a ton of residents, I'll have the option to help them due to having the relationship there. The police is a colossal association that I have a huge load of regard for and I'd be advantaged and respected to have the delight of offering an assistance to the city to ensure individuals.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Through my past encounters inside the city and in life on different workers, I am a lot of mindful of the significance of policing. I've continually accepted every single patient, as I would with any resident in the policing job. Through my jobs referenced above, I've had insight in high pressing factor, escalated circumstances including one where I was taken without wanting to and held prisoner in a doughnut shop. From the capacity to create connections inside the city with numerous officials, PD laborers and residents, I esteem every single individual as I see what their abilities and encounters can mean for them. Besides, I additionally comprehend that rebuffing individuals through jail and fines isn't generally the best arrangement, as I'd hope to help individuals something beyond rebuff them. I do likewise esteem the fines and jail sentences as I'm mindful individuals can come out better on the opposite side; restored inside society

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

A decent police officer will have a lot of sound judgment, for example, continually having a weapon out regardless of what's going on, or when a suspect is going to evacuate, halting a reasonable distance away, all so you are not kidnapped. They ought to likewise have a great deal of persistence as certain individuals from the local area may not be so inviting of police so managing them can bring about a ton of misuse, this ought to be managed expertly and in like manner
