Name 

Rex4Real

Discord ID  

Ｒ Ξ Ｘ#4550

Age 

17

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

170

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

When i was born I have always Dream of as A Protector of Country and a Criminals Slayer.So when i start Grew up i always gone to the thought of becoming hero That city needs and Give Those justice who have failed This city and be loyal to to my Commander And Boss,So after Few months later me ,my parents Were walking on a street and coming from A Cinema so Three Criminals were following us and Stop us,they looted my parents and after that they also killed them for no reason in hurry,Then I were in a big Depression and i Swear to myself to be a man that the city needs,I took MMA(Mixed Martial Arts) Classes. After Completing my all lessons i decided to Join a Rebel Force name Invaders So after a long time in force they are turning up as a Criminals and became a gang and I Thought that this isnt what i Promise to myself.Then I remake my decision and decided to join LSPD (Los Santos Police Department).So the Story Begins!

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

Always Remember The Gangs That what they are trying to do If they are trying to do any Criminal or illegal activity so Tell and inform our leader or Sergent to Take Decision as qucikly as possible and if they are not active so handle it my self With 1 or 3 officers with me. A crime handler that includes not to be a lazy person and always Accept The order which is given by my leader of operation.I have a Commen sense of Understanding The Criminal or a player Thinkings and always understand That what they are trying to play.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

First I will Like to Saw a Loyal Trust Worthy Friends and officers who never let their Excellent Job Down and Always be Respectful to others.Second i will like to see That any opreation leader or Captin always be Respectful to His
lieutenant or Police Officer and Do whatever it takes for justice.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

because I have the Skill that other players wont have like To handle the situation in Chill mood without arguing or saying any Disrespectful words that make enviroment worse.Always be a Trust Worthy Officer never let Justice get out of my hands and be a officer that really Worth to be in PD.

leoaflex
leoaflex
LSPD Management

 3
100 posts
Posted May 12, 2021
a0LosFuSDUIcXwC1fJBAPf4uFKP8AuHYawpLDySzUAk_4dfLev47tEw4c-hyPZhU5EdEmr1gLc-g6OI-fivFzUiCElgo-eaatDzZDJx4WDY31aeLE6duRR145DT0mv3xUVvk4SXi
Your application has been placed on hold.
(Add more details to the last 3 questions in the reply box)

Do not message any PTMD Management member to hurry up the application process as this may result in your application being delayed or declined.

Rex4Real
Rex4Real
Members

 0
4 posts
Author
Posted May 14, 2021
What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

Always Remember The Gangs That what they are trying to do If they are trying to do any Criminal or illegal activity so Tell and inform our leader or Sergent to Take Decision as qucikly as possible and if they are not active so handle it my self With 1 or 3 officers with me. A crime handler that includes not to be a lazy person and always Accept The order which is given by my leader of operation.I have a Commen sense of Understanding The Criminal or a player Thinkings and always understand That what they are trying to play.i will not be a officer who Get Sold out By a Gangster which also known as Bribed.

 

 

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

First I will Like to Saw a Loyal Trust Worthy Friends and officers who never let their Excellent Job Down and Always be Respectful to others.Second i will like to see That any opreation leader or Captin always be Respectful to His
lieutenant or Police Officer and Do whatever it takes for justice.IF citizens comes to Our PD for any complain or Report so our officers have to consider it as deeply as possible and always find them a Better solution.

 

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

because I have the Skill that other players wont have like To handle the situation in Chill mood without arguing or saying any Disrespectful words that make enviroment worse.Always be a Trust Worthy Officer never let Justice get out of my hands and be a officer that really Worth to be in PD.I will be a Active officer which will Be Useful at any Case.
