Name 

Shaheer

Discord ID  

Shaheer_05#1523

Age 

16

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1983

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

My character name is Shaheer Naeem. He was born in a middle class family. He always wanted to be a Police officer. When he was 11 his father died and he controlled his family by driving taxi. He drove taxi for 8 years and then he joined a gang called Khadim. He never wanted to rob people shops banks and thats why he was kicked from Khadim. When he was 19 he started studying and after two years he started studying law but unfortunately he was dropped out from the University. He was so disappointed by himself. But he never gave up he tries his best to selected in the PD

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I am playing this RP since August 2020. I have experience as a rebel, I know their plans, getaways, the way they rob and escape, I have led the Invader gang and leaded 2humaines robberies in Khaddim. I also have a little experience in PD. But because of some personal issues, I decided to resign from the PD. I have the trait of handling and negotiating situations with fair RP without breaking any rules. I am an expert in driving and shooting my aim is very good.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

Some officers don't comply with rebels and they don't do RP they just taze them and ask 'Jail or Fine'. The 2nd thing I would like to add is the officers do not breaking the traffic lights so that the citizens don't do it too. I will try to stop this. The rest of the things in PD are fine Police officers are performing well nothing needs to be changed.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

I have experienced both sides, Rebel and PD. I have the trait of handling and negotiating situations with fair RP without breaking any rules. I am an expert in driving and shooting my aim is very good. I will benefit the LSPD with my hard work and honesty.

Edited May 16, 2021 by Shaheer
Shaheer
Shaheer
Members

 0
32 posts
Author
Posted May 16, 2021
Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min)

I have experienced both sides, Rebel and PD. I have the trait of handling and negotiating situations with fair RP without breaking any rules. I am an expert in driving and shooting my aim is very good. I will benefit the LSPD with my hard work and honesty. I am very well known about all the rules and regulations of PD. My driving is very good. I have escaped many chases of PD. I want to join LSPD because I want to stop drug trafficking. The crime rate is increasing because of this. I will try my best to reduce the crime rate.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min) 

I am playing this RP since August 2020. I have experience as a rebel, I know their plans, getaways, the way they rob and escape, I have led the Invader gang and leaded 2humaines robberies in Khaddim. 
I also have an experience in PD. But because of some personal issues, I decided to resign from the PD. I have the trait of handling and negotiating situations with fair RP without breaking any rules. I am an expert in driving and shooting my aim is very good. No one can defeat me in driving and I think due to this quality I can catch any thief easily if he tries to run. I am aware of all the techniques of rebels. So these are all my experiences which I think will be helpful to the department. 

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min)

My character name is Shaheer. I was born in Los Santos, Groove Street in 1991. My father always wanted me to become a Police Officer. I was failed in 10th class, I decided to leave my studies, and I joined a gang called Khaddim. I've succeeded many banks, shops, and house robberies. On 16/5/2013 I was arrested in a Bank robbery and I was jailed for 5 years, After my jail, I came back to the city, and then I started driving a taxi. After 3months, I met my old friend and We decided to run a business of Rent a car. We were successful in our business. My friend had a fight with me so we both decided to end this company. Then I worked in a personal security company for 1 year. I've learned many things from this company. My aim was improved. I wanted to fulfill my father's dream, I started to study again and I was working as a cashier at Rehman Pan Walla.
After my studies, I will apply for LSPD 
