Name 

S For Shooter

Discord ID  

Shooter#4035

Age 

18

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1k +

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

I am a farmer's son. We lived in Log Sandy Shores. When I was in 10th grade, my father's health was not good. So I started working on my own. It was very difficult for me to complete my studies, then I got a job in the city, but the situation in the city was not clear at that time, so I did not get any job I got involved in greed and I joined the gang and the situation in my house was not good. In gang every day one rebel member killed by police and then his family was left alone. I had no idea. If something happened to me, what would happen to my parents? After that I decided that I will go and join the police in the future and jail all the rebels and I was in rebels but I did not commit murder till today. I collected all clue’s according to rebel’s. Now it is time to join the police and teach rebel's there lesson.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

when I was arrive in the city I try to find jobs but I couldn't find any one and I safe save a life of man who is actually boss of a illegal gang that involve in criminal activities and other illegal activities he like's my bravery and offered me to join his gang as a right hander but my main moto is to collect all source of illegal activities because I want them to go in jail for punishments what they done in past and doing in current time and for that I have to win their trust which I already won and now I have all information's about their drug dealers, weapon dealers, and many more now I want to join PD to punish them.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

The main change that I want to see in department that someone give me information that their is a officers that are involve with mafia, rebels, I want them to be arrested and want to give them punishment on corruption because citizens trust on PD that they are safe under the protection of PD officers and those corrupt PD officers break their trust as well as Police Department.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

as I said I was in mafia for a good purpose so I know how they make plans what's their strategies and all their illegal dealer that provide them gun's and drugs bombs etc I have information about them that help PD to caught them easily.
