Name 

Shahrez Ali

Discord ID  

Kingslayer#6430

Age 

26

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

I have around 3 months of serious RP experience on the true RP server (USA). My character in that server is called Percy Russel/ Percy Russel is a 26 year old, clean shaven, man who is suffering. His wife, Elizabeth, recently passed - just a month after they got married in Vienna. The death on paper was attributed to a cardiac arrest but Percy is still in disbelief. To cope up with the mental stress he must scramble to keep distracted in the city of Los Santos. I have experience staying in character through multiple simulation games, one of my favorites is actually flight simulator on VATSIM which requires serious flight sim roleplay. Moreover I have experience on playing on other local pakistani servers such as orbit gamers and shadow x, but none of those communities were as developed and fun to rp with as this one.

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

Remy, Bolton - Age - (30)
Remy is a 30 year old man who is just trying to meet ends meet as a light trucker in Los Santos. Unfortunately he has been very unlucky earning even a single penny. Every other run he gets mugged by gangs on his way to work who rob him of his days earnings. With an unbroken spirit he comes back home every single day with a smile on his face to show his kids that everything is alright. On the inside though, things are different. A fire is constantly keeping him up. The City of Los Santos has been over shadowed by crime and chaos with so many good people falling victims of such attrocities. Remy with an unbroken spirit decides to join the LSPD. His goal is to restore accountability into the city of Los Santos. He knows if he is not succesful in this/ his kids might not make it in this cruel city.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I am very good at serious roleplaying. When i play Flight Simulator on Vatsim we are required to maintain serious realism at all costs when engaging with ATC. Therefore i have experience maintaining composure in very tricky and sometimes aggravating situations. I have also been playing video games all my life so i am tech savy and i pick up on things quickly. I am also a team based and community based player, I am able to look at things from many different perspectives and maintain composure at all times. I also watch ALOT of police interactions and true crime. I regularly watch police stops videos on youtube only because i find them very interesting and i am also very familiar with some of the common laws such as miranda rights, when to detain a person, when to call for a supervisor etc.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

One change i would like to recommend to the department and also try to lobby for if selected is more active police moderation on the south of the city of los santos. Most crime occurs over there thus i want to build a team if given the opportunity- to handle that side and bring it under active lspd moderation. Law enforcement should be equal in all of the map and proactive in that area. that is what i would also bring if i am hired.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

The reasons why you should hire me over other people include:
1. My familiarity with US Law - as i mentioned before, as far as i can remember - i have been into watching true crime police documentaries on youtube and i know alot about them.
2. Military background - My parents both served as military officers irl, so some of my qualities in handling people are inherited from them
3. Serious RP; I remain in charachter at all times despite tough situations.
4. I am also aware of all PX rules such as combat logging, rdm, vdm and rules for police engagement.

Conclusively, all i want to do is to add to peoples rp experience and enjoy rping in this server. It would give me great joy if i am shortlisted and accepted.
Best regards,
