Name 

Vin Markus

Discord ID  

Boss Playz 2.0#2512

Age 

23

How many hours of roleplay experience do you have? (This server or any other server) 

1300+ hours as a total in Fivem

What is your character's Backstory? (150 words min) 

A Young Graduate who just landed to Los Santos for a Hunt of Bright Future is
living in a small apartment "Weasel Plaza Apartment 55". He is trying very hard to get a new job but there's no luck.
One day he's walking toward Legion Square where two gangsters approached him in a Car and directly pointed a
gun on his head and kidnapped him. His eyes were folded with a black piece of clothe and he was being taken to an
unknown location. Later the two gangsters got his introduction and showed sympathy to his honesty. They offered
him a good job to do in thier illegal Businesses and be a part of their crew. His life was on stake he was afraid he
had no other choice too as he needed a job Badly so he accepted the offer. He used to managed their financial
records of all the in and outs of the Fund. One day, the crew was going to make a big deal of some kinda guns with
Madrazo Cartel where some random ppl drived by and start shooting on their crew. The President of the Crew was
heavily injured and at that time he was the person who rescued the Boss Life.
Later on he became the right hand of the Boss in no time and was managing his all illegal Businesses. But the only
thing was that he had a good brain but poor in shooting and have no good aim so he used to play a role of Lester in
Heist.
After some months, the business went in crisis and the crew was disbanded as the ppl were leaving city and moving
themselves to new places so Here is Vin Markus lookin forward to step in city and serve as Police Officer.

What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min)  

I have been doing COP Roleplay in Paradise Roleplay for more than a year and quite familiar with all the SOPs and rules as well. Also I have been already accepted in LSPD but was unable to give time so yeah due to my well experience in COP RP I can be a good fit. As well, I'm also playing a COP RP in SVRP.

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I think I should suggest the Dept to run under strict SOPs and that's what Dept is based on. We should run operationally not by just spontaneous responses. Team division will be a good implementation from my side. Unit formation of officer for patrolling and crime control will be much appreciated.

Why should we prefer you over other people who have applied? (50 words min) 

Due to my previous experience and good knowledge of LSPD Sops I think I can be great SGT and server LSPD more than better than any other one can do. I'm all Familiar with the mechanics as well so need just LSPD role and I'm good to go.

leoaflex
leoaflex
LSPD Management

 3
100 posts
Posted May 7, 2021
a0LosFuSDUIcXwC1fJBAPf4uFKP8AuHYawpLDySzUAk_4dfLev47tEw4c-hyPZhU5EdEmr1gLc-g6OI-fivFzUiCElgo-eaatDzZDJx4WDY31aeLE6duRR145DT0mv3xUVvk4SXi
Your application has been placed on hold.
(Add some more details to last 3 Questions in the reply)

Do not message any PTMD Management member to hurry up the application process as this may result in your application being delayed or declined.

Vin Markus
Vin Markus
Members

 0
8 posts
Author
Posted May 12, 2021
What experience do you have which will be useful to the department? (75 words min).

I have been doing COP Roleplay in Paradise Roleplay for more than a year and quite familiar with all the SOPs and rules as well. Also I have been already accepted in LSPD but was unable to give time so yeah due to my well experience in COP RP I can be a good fit. As well, I'm also playing a COP RP in SVRP. I have good experience team in managing Traffic Patrols, Flying Chopper and Majorly Leading SWAT Units in active code red situations. I guess if I'm selected I can add some valueable services to LSPD through my major experiences. 

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

 

I think I should suggest the Dept to run under strict SOPs and that's what Dept is based on. We should run operationally not by just spontaneous responses. Team division will be a good implementation from my side. Unit formation of officer for patrolling and crime control will be much appreciated. I'll try to improve the Units System in LSPD and manage specific and active protocols that must be followed in active code red situations or any other situations. Also, what I can see if right now there's no specific unit formation and Cadets and officers just go and drive randomly. So unit system is the thing and specifically LSPD protocol and SOPs must be followed.

 

If selected, what changes would you like to see in the department? (50 words min) 

I think I should suggest the Dept to run under strict SOPs and that's what Dept is based on. We should run operationally not by just spontaneous responses. Team division will be a good implementation from my side. Unit formation of officer for patrolling and crime control will be much appreciated. As mentioned in detail my experience is more than enough and I can be a good SGT and server LSPD. I don't know about other but yes do know about myself that as I have served enough already so I can serve more this time too in PX to LSPD.

due to SWAT team Experience I can be a good fit in That team too. 
